Yeah.
So here we are.
We were just figuring out and not using these directly.
Dirty diapers when they place on a blessed, blessed with these states not using them directly.
We're using them indirectly.
Made, for example.
Or zero zero.
This is a plus one.
Plus one.
This is a plus two +188 plus one de plus one is is i plus ou de plus one.
So indirectly by using just these two states.
Eight.
Yeah, we are kind of figuring out all these other states.
You're trying to make all these other state.
Well, look, this was the only hard part of this problem.
It is very hard to understand that.
Why would this regulation work?
Why would this regulation.
Include all these other states.
So now let's call it.
It's called this.
Okay, so this is all you'd go toward?
A loser.
Just forbid.
And I go in, Sublime said.
What we can do.
And we have class solution.
So.
Let's.
Let's stick to strings.
I'm doubly.
And stop.
So let's take these doing.
Was I genetically coded?
Eliot Colbert.
You will you can easily see.
How to verify, cross-check, lead contamination.
What we can do is we can simply say a solution which.
It's the edge.
He out at night is much.
Right.
And it's passed with strings in this SNP.
I hope the main function is very clear to all of us.
Now we have to call this matter out.
So I'll also tell you some good ways of memorizing in the coalition class itself.
What's the best, best way to memorize in this?
Because we can't take things globally.
You just have to complete a function.
So.
So here what we lose.
Let's write a function called DP and let's pass S zero and J zero.
And it's like old hippie.
Entirely online.
So this will be a bully prevention.
That's our final repudiation that we have made.
And we will also see the basic cases go before moving forward.
But I will just take a string, of course.
I think posturing is deference is great, but what I usually do is I'm just telling all of this that
you learn something new today.
What I see is.
This part.
That means the current as I have and string.
It is equal to this, which is this.
So basically I'm copying it and I'm copying it once.
Okay.
To be naughty.
Let me do.
Is it.
E.
And also.
So assisting in perspective.
And then this piece also, what is this?
Is this, as is the coalition classes, this and this this particular thing is is this if you don't
want to get confused, you can pick other names here like EPP or something.
Well, so in this way, you will not get confused.
Now, let's go to this.
Depending.
So whatever the case is, let's get back to the first cases.
Let's let's make these cases first, this character cases in the kosher market.
The first cases, if what was the case the character is a vessel is equal to PD excise equals to bd8.
Then what we will do.
If Assad is equal to PD, then iPads and DP i.e. plus one.
Duplass one will take another boolean answer and Italy will make it false that there's no way to match
it.
Right.
And then we for all the ways what we'll do is we'll take zero will take or if even if there's one way
that matches it.
I.
Well, so it is d b I plus one comma.
A-plus.
I hope this is very clear.
And this is the case when.
I is listen as dirt.
I use it and even do lesson periods as well.
So.
Let me right there also is lesson.
I said, okay, so before writing this, just tell me.
What if?
What are the best cases so that we'll just figure out the best cases and then we'll light all these
cases.
I won't let me remove this once.
Yeah.
Let's figure out the best cases for the India moving forward.
Eight of the cases when editors and office and when generated and off beat.
What will happen when I reaches the end of S.A.T.?
The end of it.
So if I goes to his daughter's size and B equals two or three equals two period size.
Then I learned to read because now they means they are two empty strings and these things are already
missed.
So we learned through our what if Jake was to be base?
That means.
Do.
That means the pattern is ending.
But there's some string to match, and that string will only contain characters, not contain.
It will not contain stars in question marks.
So it has some characters left, but writing is already finished.
So will it end for great?
Because there's no way to match it.
Well, and what happens if it reaches emulated, i.e. reaches as dot size?
That means B, that means somewhere independent and easily released today.
In this case, we cannot see anything.
Right?
What if?
What if all the characters after the dead character are stars or are stars right?
All the stars we like not match with any of the characters, and it will be true.
And what if all the characters are not stars and are some question marks or some other characters?
And then it will be false.
So for this case, it depends on the future answers.
I will simply come in this case out and will not fix this case because we will handle this case later
in order to.
Right now, we know we are not handling this case when I say it.
So we need to take care of this thing that I can all to be equal to Edward, say wherever I'm handling
everything, what I'm doing, saving.
You've been checking it.
I have to make it less in instances.
We have to specially check this.
Well, so this is the first case.
Again cases if.
Let's see if.
Dee d is equal to Bush and Mark.
What, a few days it was to question mark.
So is again a new thing, right?
So if we do the crucial question mark, then there are two things.
If either of those two instances, that means we've already reached the end of the string and we've
got a question mark.
I would simply return false.
Great because this question mark and not anything because I has these.
Otherwise, if I has not reached the end, I will simply say, okay, everyone, let's see on set or
request to DP.
It means this question mark is going to match exactly one character.
Then let's get back Bush and Margaret.
In this case, it will match exactly one character, the character that is met.
And this question mark has been matched.
It is a plus function multiple.
Well, I'm just making all the cases individually.
And the third case was the third case.
Third case is when B.J. will be called to.
Um got eight as is of and b they will be equal to not so as if b d is equal to start.
What will happen when PDC wants to start?
Anyone can.
Yeah, you can.
Also now code distinct ref.
It is equal to a start.
We just have to handle these two cases.
Right?
Matches.
The character does not match the character or the guesses.
Right?
So.
It will only matter character again.
The same case if I goes to a storage space.
That means there's no character to match it.
So can can I see that if I is less than as long as I is, then only major character?
Yes.
If it is less than as are played the major character, how will it match your character?
I bless one comma.
Yeah, right.
And what is this?
A good case?
The second in cases.
Equal storm.
R&B.
I got my zipless.
When the second case I go major.
Plus that means.
It is not getting any better mean means dominate or what it means this aid.
So these were the two guesses.
I hope you're only confused by this if this is fair and anything else.
This is very important to take to hand the light because we do not know about future characters in singers.
That's why I wouldn't mind completing the case over here.
It's what we have to handle.
Whenever I'm handling I even if I'm doing a plus one, I have to handle this case.
I use less than a source as well.
So similarly here and in this case, I don't have to handle Iceland's instances because it is not incrementing.
I start thinking I manage the current correctly.
It just moving forward.
This I can be an empty string as well.
Just just take this case, for example.
Let's say S is empty.
And so as is this.
And these guys.
Star, star, star, star, star.
And what will happen?
I will remain here forever.
And they will move forward.
I will keep on moving, moving, moving, moving.
In the end, what will happen either already at the end, they will in and it will return.
When I'm digging or I'm digging, or because if any one of these parts written me true, then my answer
is.
Let me build it.
Yeah.
So I've got one.
One means to.
It is match is matches a boolean function D PDP is a boolean function.
False.
False was true.
True.
Yeah.
And answer is boolean.
This is true.
And it has to be true.
What if it is over eligibility?
But.
Well, and.
Anything else nobody can do is let's have memorization in this and you'll see a new way of amazing things
here.
So.
We are taking tests now.
What we have to do is we have to take oh, of course we can pass it also, but we can.
It's initiated over here on a vector of vector.
And what is vector vector?
It can be a 2D.
So I'm digging in because we know.
Right, although the function is boolean that this may be honest or true or false.
But you remember it.
We keep one thing which is not obvious, which is never done.
So we just minus one other.
I'm just keeping.
In digital.
Let's call it memo.
And right now, memo is just an empty vector.
So before moving forward, let's say memo eight four memo road releases and let's discuss it.
The length of it will be called to assist or advice.
Eight.
Obama again.
I need to fill a vector inside all the columns.
This might be tricky to many of you.
I'm just resizing this picture of actors, as George says wisely.
And then in all those roles, what I have is.
I have a new victory which is BP told size land of the victories this and I'll fill it with minus one
meter.
The right way or not.
If it's the right way, it's working.
So this is BP says column.
Well, now, basically, after doing this resizing, I have a.
It would be any structure.
Well with.
My innocence.
Well, and now let's not pass it, because I've taken it over here.
And what I will simply do is I say.
If memo I did not equal two minus one written memo I.
Otherwise it will return me, though I will just simply.
David, over here.
You can do this.
What will you do now?
Just memorize it.
But you all might be wondering.
That answer is boolean.
And this is indeed.
It doesn't matter.
It will automatically convert.
Gosford City.
So let's build it and let's kick.
And so, of course, I got some segmentation old.
Okay.
I'll look into this, but.
I just updated.
Let me quickly check out what's the problem here?
Yeah.
Got it.
So a slightly tricky bird picker.
So we're not taking for this case that either coast residents say is because we are checking it later.
It means here I can be equal to Edwards size.
But in the memo vector, what I've done is I've just taken it less than naught six eight.
So I just add plus one over here.
And just for the.
Just for extra precaution.
I'm just taking plus one over the head, isn't it because.
This egg is not into the picture, so therefore I can be equal to side also.
Now let's build.
And.
Nothing.
Rendition falls and it will work so well for this.
It's maybe we all are learning.
And yeah.
So this is a memories coalition.
What you can do is you can just pick this solution class.
But be it and directly pasted over here.
Well, this isn't that awesome.
We are going in sublime and indirectly we're wasting hidden.
It could.
Oh.
And give everyone soon the next part.